Why don't skeletons fight each other?They don't have the guts.
Why don't oysters donate to charity?Because they're shellfish.
Why did the scarecrow win an award?He was outstanding in his field.
Why did the bicycle fall over?Because it was two tired.
What do you call cheese that isn't yours?Nacho cheese.
Why don't scientists trust atoms?Because they make up everything.
What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire?Frostbite.
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants?In case he got a hole in one.
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet?Supplies!
Why do seagulls fly over the ocean?Because if they flew over the bay, they'd be bagels.
Why did the math book look sad?Because it had too many problems.
Why was the computer cold?Because it left its Windows open.
Why can't you give Elsa a balloon?Because she'll let it go.
Why don't eggs tell jokes?They'd crack each other up.
What do you call fake spaghetti?An impasta.
Why was the baby strawberry crying?Because its parents were in a jam.
Why don't you ever see elephants hiding in trees?Because they're so good at it.
Why did the coffee file a police report?It got mugged.
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back?A stick.
Why did the tomato turn red?Because it saw the salad dressing.
What do you call an alligator in a vest?An investigator.
Why was the broom late?It swept in.
Why can't your nose be 12 inches long?Because then it would be a foot.
Why do cows have hooves instead of feet?Because they lactose.
Why are frogs so happy?Because they eat whatever bugs them.
Why do bees hum?Because they don't know the words.
Why did the chicken go to the seance?To talk to the other side.
Why did the teddy bear say no to dessert?Because it was stuffed.
Why couldn't the leopard play hide and seek?Because he was always spotted.
Why did the stadium get hot after the game?All the fans left.
Why don't cannibals eat clowns?Because they taste funny.
Why don't skeletons fight?Because they don't have the guts.
Why was the math teacher suspicious?Too many angles.
Why do birds fly south in the winter?Because it's faster than walking.
Why did the musician get kicked out of the band?He got in treble.
Why did the fisherman put peanut butter in the sea?To go with the jellyfish.
Why did the picture go to jail?It was framed.
Why did the student eat his homework?Because the teacher said it was a piece of cake.
Why did the tree go to the barber?It needed a trim.
Why don't vampires have reflections?Because they don't know how to look at themselves.
Why did the cookie go to the doctor?It was feeling crumby.
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself?It was two tired.
Why did the golfer bring a ladder?To reach the high tee.
Why don't some couples go to the gym?Because some relationships don't work out.
Why did the banana go to the doctor?Because it wasn't peeling well.
Why did the duck get a job?To quack the code.
Why did the music teacher go to jail?She got caught with sharp notes.
Why was the belt arrested?For holding up a pair of pants.
Why don't zombies eat clowns?Because they taste funny.
Why can't you trust stairs?Because they're always up to something.
Why do melons have weddings?Because they cantaloupe.
Why did the skeleton go to the party alone?Because he had no body to go with.
Why did the pony have a cough?It was a little horse.
Why can't a leopard hide?Because it's always spotted.
Why don't elephants chew gum?They do, just not in public.
Why did the man run around his bed?To catch up on his sleep.
Why did the scarecrow become a motivational speaker?He was outstanding in his field.
Why did the balloon go near the needle?It was feeling deflated.
Why was the computer so smart?It had a lot of bytes.
Why did the teacher wear sunglasses?Because her students were so bright.  
Why did the cow go to outer space?To see the Milky Way.  
Why are ghosts bad liars?Because you can see right through them.  
Why don't you play cards in the jungle?Because there are too many cheetahs.  
Why did the tomato blush?Because it saw the salad dressing.  
Why do fish always sing off-key?Because you can't tuna fish.  
Why did the computer go to therapy?It had too many bytes.  
Why don't pirates shower before they walk the plank?Because they just wash up on shore.  
Why do vampires always seem sick?Because they're always coffin.  
Why did the golfer wear two pairs of pants?In case he got a hole in one.  
Why don't scientists trust atoms?Because they make up everything.  
Why did the mushroom go to the party?Because he was a fungi.  
Why did the banker switch careers?He lost interest.  
Why was the math teacher so mean?She had too many problems.  
Why did the music note break up with the clef?It felt out of tune.  
Why was the broom late?It swept right past the alarm.  
Why did the tomato turn red?Because it couldn't ketchup.  
Why did the phone wear glasses?Because it lost its contacts.  
Why did the magician retire?He couldn't pull it off anymore.  
Why did the pickle become a stand-up comedian?It was in a pickle for cash.  
Why did the painter become an artist?Because he had a brush with greatness.  
Why did the keyboard get arrested?It was caught typing lies.  
Why did the chicken join a band?Because it had the drumsticks.  
Why did the dog sit in the shade?Because he didn't want to be a hot dog.  
Why did the coffee call the police?It got mugged.  
Why do cows wear bells?Because their horns don't work.  
Why couldn't the pirate learn the alphabet?Because he kept getting lost at C.  
Why don't scientists trust stairs?Because they're always up to something.  
Why do ducks make great detectives?They always quack the case.  
Why did the skeleton cross the road?To get to the body shop.  
Why did the golfer take a sandwich to the course?In case he got a hole in one.  
Why can't your hand be 12 inches long?Because then it would be a foot.  
Why don't we tell secrets on a farm?Because the potatoes have eyes and the corn has ears.  
Why did the tomato go to the party?Because it wanted to ketchup with its friends.  
Why did the barber win the race?He knew all the shortcuts.  
Why did the astronaut break up with his girlfriend?She needed space.  
Why are spiders great web designers?Because they're always on the net.  
Why do shoemakers go to heaven?Because they have good soles.  
Why do bees hum?Because they forgot the lyrics.  
Why did the bicycle fall over?Because it was two tired.  
Why did the orange stop?It ran out of juice.  
Why was the belt sent to jail?For holding up a pair of pants.  
Why did the detective wear glasses?To improve his hindsight.  
Why do fish never do homework?Because they're always swimming in school.  
Why did the clock break up with the calendar?It needed time apart.  
Why did the farmer win an award?He was outstanding in his field.  
Why can't you trust a taco?Because it might spill the beans.  
Why don't ants get sick?Because they have tiny ant-bodies.  
Why did the broom get promoted?It swept the competition.  
Why don't you iron four-leaf clovers?Because you don't want to press your luck.  
Why did the scarecrow open a business?Because he knew how to turn a profit.  
Why do ghosts love elevators?Because they lift their spirits.  
Why did the bed wear sunglasses?Because it wanted to look cool.  
Why are mountains always tired?Because they don't Everest.  
Why did the banana go to school?To learn how to split.  
Why was the dog a great comedian?Because he had a ruff sense of humor.  
Why did the pencil get in trouble?It was caught sketching plans.  
Why did the light bulb go to school?It wanted to get brighter.  
Why did the skeleton go to the dance?To shake a leg.  
Why don't oranges compete in races?Because they always peel out.  
Why did the cactus bring a suitcase?Because it was going on a prickly vacation.  
Why did the grape stop in the middle of the road?Because it ran out of juice.  
Why did the chair join the choir?Because it wanted to sit with the altos.  
Why did the pirate go to the gym?To improve his core strength.